fix(v2): fix link to logo in footer (#1854)
facebook/docusaurus: CHANGELOG-2.x.md

- Fix `swizzle` command not passing context properly to theme packages.
- Add `extendCli` api for plugins. This will allow plugin to further extend Docusaurus CLI.
- Fix `swizzle` command not being able to swizzle single js file.

> - Fix logo URL in footer to use absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix logo URL in footer to be appended with baseUrl automatically.
```
